.\" -*- nroff -*-
.\" Copyright (c) 2007 CEA.  All rights reserved.
.\" 
.\" This file may be copied under the terms of the GNU Public License.
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\"
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\"
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
.\" "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
.\" TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
.\" PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR
.\" CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
.\" EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
.\" PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS;
.\" OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
.\" WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
.\" OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
.\" ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\" 
.\" $Id$
.Dd December 14, 2007    \" DATE 
.Dt shine.conf 5         \" Program name and manual section number 
.Os Linux
.Sh NAME                 \" Section Header
.Nm shine.conf
.Nd Configuration file for
.Tn shine
.Sh DESCRIPTION          \" Section Header
The
.Nm
file controls the behavior of
.Xr shine 1
command. It is located in the
.Pa /etc/shine
directory and is only needed on the management(s) node(s).
.Pp
The configuration is made up of several lines of paramaters such as:
.Pp
.D1 Ar key Ns = Ns Ar value
.Pp
where
.Ar key
represents a parameter name, and
.Ar value
would be the parameter's assigned value.  Lines that begin with a # are
treated as comments.
.Pp
.Ss Storage backend
.Bl -tag -width Ds -compact
.It Ic backend Ns = Ns file|clusterdb
specifies shine's selected backend type. If this variable is set to
.Ic clusterdb Ns ,
storage, filesystem and mount information is retrieved and stored from
tables lustre_ost, lustre_mdt, lustre_mount and lustre_fs of ClusterDB.
If backend is set to
.Ic file Ns ,
storage information is retrieved from
.Ar storage_file
and status information is stored in
.Ar cache_dir
directory on the management node. 
Default is
.Ic file Ns .
.El
.Ss File backend specific settings
.Bl -tag -width Ds -compact
.It Ic cache_dir Ns = Ns Ar pathname
is the cache directory used for status information.
Default directory is
.Pa /var/cache/shine/status
.It Ic storage_file Ns = Ns Ar pathname
is the file used to retrieve targets storage information.
Default is
.Pa /etc/shine/storage.conf
.El
.Ss Cluster-wide applicable settings
.Bl -tag -width Ds -compact
.It Ic conf_dir Ns = Ns Ar pathname
is a directory present on each Lustre nodes to store generated configuration files.
The content of this directory is managed by shine and shouldn't be modified directly.
Default directory is
.Pa /var/cache/shine/conf
.El
.Ss Optional configuration files
.Bl -tag -width Ds -compact
.It Ic tuning_file Ns = Ns Ar pathname
is the file describing Lustre tuning parameters.
Default is
.Pa /etc/shine/tuning.conf
.El
.Ss Advanced settings 
.Bl -tag -width Ds -compact
.It Ic ssh_connect_timeout Ns = Ns Ar secs
is the timeout in seconds for ssh connections.
.It Ic start_timeout Ns = Ns Ar secs
is the timeout in seconds for start operation.
.It Ic stop_timeout Ns = Ns Ar secs
is the timeout in seconds for stop operation.
.It Ic mount_timeout Ns = Ns Ar secs
is the timeout in seconds for mount operation.
.It Ic umount_timeout Ns = Ns Ar secs
is the timeout in seconds for umount operation.
.It Ic status_timeout Ns = Ns Ar secs
is the timeout in seconds for status operation.
.It Ic set_tuning_timeout Ns = Ns Ar secs
is the timeout in seconds for applying tuning parameters.
.It Ic allow_loop_devices Ns = Ns yes|no
set it to yes if you want to use loop devices.
Default is
.Ic no Ns .
.El
.Sh FILES                \" File used or created by the topic of the man page
.Bl -tag -width "/Library/StartupItems/balanced/uninstall.sh" -compact
.It Pa /etc/shine/shine.conf
.It Pa /etc/shine/tuning.conf
.El
.\" .Sh BUGS              \" Document known, unremedied bugs 
.Sh HISTORY           \" Document history if command behaves in a unique manner
.Nm
settings were previously in
.Pa /etc/lustre/lustre_util.conf
and
.Pa /etc/lustre/lustre.cfg
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr shine 1 ,
.Xr shine-tuning.conf 5
